Update the readme file and introduce a fix for authorization code being visible in the HTML code (#6)
asgardio/asgardio-js-oidc-sdk: README.md

## Try Out the Sample Apps
### 1. Create a Service Provider
Before trying out the sample apps, you need to a create a service provider in the Identity Server.
1. So, navigate to `https://localhost:9443/carbon" and click on `Add` under `Service Providers` in the left-hand menu panel.

2. Enter `Sample` as the name of the app and click on `Register`.

3. Then, expand the `Inbound Authentication Configuration` section. Under that, expand `OAuth/OpenID Connect Configuration` section and click on `Configure`.

4. Under `Allowed Grant Types` uncheck everything except `Code` and `Refresh Token`.

5. Enter `http://localhost:3000` as the `Callback Url`.

6. Check `Allow authentication without the client secret`.

7. Click `Add` at the bottom.

8. Copy the `OAuth Client Key`.

### 2. Running the sample apps
Build the apps by running the following command at the root directory.
```
npm run build
```

### 3. Vanilla JavaScript Sample
You can try out the Vanilla JavaScript Sample App from the [oidc-sample-apps/vanilla-js-app](oidc-sample-apps/vanilla-js-app). The instructions to run the app can  be found [here](oidc-sample-apps/vanilla-js-app/README.md)

## APIs
### getInstance

> This returns an instance of the `IdentityClient`. Since the `IdentityClient` is a singleton, this method returns the same instance no matter how many time sit is called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This returns an instance of the `IdentityClient`. Since the `IdentityClient` is a singleton, this method returns the same instance no matter how many times it is called.
```
